hey guys cabron Collison's 3-6-5 calm
and here we're gonna take a look at it
feel kgs second solo and follow me up
now we start it with that same little
chromatic line we did in the previous
video and then we get to the 20th fret
here when the solo actually starts and
it's a huge gradual - whole step Bend so
all right so all right then come over to
the 15th fret and that's just 15th fret
on the high E 7 teeth on the B back to
the 15th fret on the high E and then to
the 15th fret with your third finger now
Hulse that bin and then grab the high e
12th fret so yeah
so it's kind of like working his way
down to those two strings by doing an
assortment of bins alright then we have
this leg all right so we have twelfth
fret on the B string that's nothin
fifteen on the high E pull off 14 to 12
over to the 15th fret on the B string so
we have a pulse hammer for 12 14 to 12
on the high e 15 on the beat back to 12
and ie alright now I'm gonna kind of go
down the scale is just just a minor we
have so this is kind of like a you can
do this with straight picking or legato
whatever or pull off so we just pull off
15 to 12 I probably wouldn't play like
that you played 15 to 12 and then come
over to the 14th fret on the g string
that sounds like it more defined lik
when you have 15 to 12 to 14 and then
come back to 15 on the juice of the B
string and then 12 again 10 14 problem G
and then into the 14th on the D string
and do the same thing in same lick
basically will keep the 12th fret just
going down through the E minor scale to
the a string they come down all the way
to the 12 then the 10th fret on the
a-string slide and while back to 14
Big Ben does stuff in a happy
hold it and slowly release it and then
we have this all right so that's just we
got holes that half step in and release
ninth fret on the D to the twelfth fret
on the a-string
all right now I'm going to do an
ascending scale thing mostly a
hammer-ons and pull-offs
we're just gonna take the first nobody
strings we're gonna pick the a here on
the a string fret then nine ten twelve
okay pick nine and have one ten twelve
on the D string then nine eleven twelve
on the G then come back down to the nine
then you go back up then ten twelve
thirteen on the B string and then ten
twelve fourteen on the height
thank you feel more comfortable using
these three fingers by all means do it
and then you slide up to the 15th fret
and do hallstatt bins on the 15th right
then pull off to the 12th fret and then
distant just little quick little hammer
pull offs from 12 to 15 then you can't
just one of them just pick the 14th fret
you have this look daddy the look in my
hand here so we have
we have 14 slot down to 12 then pick 10
12 then 12 on the B string 5 down to 10
then 8 to 10 slide back up to 12 then up
swipe up in half step Bend at the
seventh fret on the beef
to the 9th fret on the G all right we
had this
so we get eight on the B string quick
camera fool 78 over to the ninth fret on
the G then we have
quick camera pool from seven and nine
legit
over the night on the D slide down to
seven and then fifth fret of the
d-string sweet and I'm going to end it
with these three notes so that's just
seven on the a four on the D then we
have this little lick so that's a cool
one it ii have an arpeggio cross-strait
we have so it's nine nine on the D to
the G then the seventh fret on the B
string 810 slide up to 12
in 1018
now make sure you don't let those ring
together let's separate them as they go
up yeah Lisa person on each string as
you go off seven on the B 7 on the G
trill 479 a D and then
it's a blow hammer on the pause what he
does
it kind of bends it I think probably
with a bar or whatever on the Jesus and
then he had that same chromatic line
and instead of going down to the open e
he just holds that F the first fret
there leading into the third and final
solo which we'll take a look at next see
you then